Add CON github conventions (#14)
con/catenate: conboarding.md

Ask Yarik to add you to the [CON Org](https://github.com/con)

#### Conventions

1. Use `https` instead of `ssh` for git remotes to make the configuration

>    more portable. You can substitute `ssh` locally by appending to your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   more portable. You can switch to `ssh` for pushing by appending to your
```
